# devicemxl.github.io
David's Page

PORTAFOLIO y NOTAS

https://hdsr.mitpress.mit.edu/pub/pm67plq9/release/4
https://docsify.js.org/#/pwa
https://blog.jovian.ai/3-must-have-projects-for-your-data-science-portfolio-9cbd1264edb4
https://analyticsindiamag.com/how-to-build-a-data-science-portfolio-in-college/
https://eugeneyan.com/writing/data-science-portfolio-how-why-what/
https://www.reddit.com/r/datascience/comments/wajjgn/my_guide_to_building_a_strong_data_science/


ejemplo un poquito mal echo, pero funcional
https://sajalsharma.com/portfolio


nice:
https://natassha.github.io/natasshaselvaraj/
https://jessierayebauer.wixsite.com/jrbauer/portfolio
https://davidventuri.com/portfolio
https://jameskle.com/data-portfolio
https://www.katiejolly.io/portfolio/
https://davidventuri.medium.com/this-is-not-a-real-data-science-degree-d170c660c1cf
https://davidventuri.medium.com/not-a-real-degree-data-science-curriculum-2021-19ba9af2c1d4
https://towardsdatascience.com/data-sciences-most-misunderstood-hero-2705da366f40
https://airtable.com/shr1SBhA2xfjyFDkJ/tblgsNSRodvtsEMMV/viwANY9AkzRO1Zt31


					foundations
CS50

Using Python for Research
http://rafalab.dfci.harvard.edu/pages/harvardx.html

					Computational Methods for Information Science Research (cornell path)



Statistics and R
http://rafalab.dfci.harvard.edu/pages/harvardx.html

Statistics
MIT 18.650 Statistics for Applications, Fall 2016
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLUl4u3cNGP60uVBMaoNERc6knT_MgPKS0

Statistics 110
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbB0FjPg0mw&list=PL2SOU6wwxB0uwwH80KTQ6ht66KWxbzTIo

Introduction to Linear Models and Matrix Algebra
http://rafalab.dfci.harvard.edu/pages/harvardx.html

Algorithms for Big Data (COMPSCI 229r)
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2SOU6wwxB0v1kQTpqpuu5kEJo2i-iUyf

Statistical Interference and Modeling for High-throughput Experiments
http://rafalab.dfci.harvard.edu/pages/harvardx.html

High-Dimensional Data Analysis
http://rafalab.dfci.harvard.edu/pages/harvardx.html


					Statistical Machine Learning
great learning
analitycs vidhya

Stanford CS229
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGwO_UgTS7I&list=PLoROMvodv4rMiGQp3WXShtMGgzqpfVfbU
Stanford CS230: Deep Learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PySo_6S4ZAg&list=PLoROMvodv4rOABXSygHTsbvUz4G_YQhOb

					Computational Methods for Network Science (georgia tech path)

https://omscs.gatech.edu/cs-7280-network-science

Global Systemic Risk
https://www.coursera.org/learn/global-systemic-risk

Harvard i-lab | Startup Secrets: Turning Products into Companies(conference)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=092JQrye9IM

Systems Science and Obesity
https://www.coursera.org/learn/systems-science-obesity

Graph Algorithms
https://www.edx.org/course/graph-algorithms

Citation Analysis for Bibliometric Study
https://www.coursera.org/projects/citation-analysis-for-bibliometric-study

Network Data Science with NetworkX and Python
https://www.coursera.org/projects/networkx

Social Network Analysis (SNA)
https://www.edx.org/course/social-network-analysis-sna

Advanced Statistics for Data Science
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/advanced-statistics-data-science

Network Dynamics of Social Behavior
https://www.coursera.org/learn/networkdynamics

Introduction to Systems and Network Mapping with Kumu
https://www.coursera.org/projects/systems-network-kumu

Computational Social Science
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/computational-social-science-ucdavis

Stock Valuation with Comparable Companies Analysis
https://www.coursera.org/projects/stock-valuation-comparable-companies-analysis

Econometrics: Methods and Applications
https://www.coursera.org/learn/erasmus-econometrics

CS224W: Machine Learning with Graphs
https://web.stanford.edu/class/cs224w/
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLoROMvodv4rPLKxIpqhjhPgdQy7imNkDn

Social and Economic Networks: Models and Analysis
https://www.coursera.org/learn/social-economic-networks
